Hey, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, that last video was over three hours long.
I'll try to make this one not so long.
Three hours.
I told Braden, I said that was a long live stream.
I didn't realize how long I was praying, but the Lord had some things on His heart, obviously, an urgent call to prayer for us to pray about so many different things.
But today, I was driving around with my family, and the Lord spoke to us.
He said, 'I want to show you another glimpse of what's coming.
' As I was driving, I stopped.
I had to pull over, and I started seeing some things that were coming in the future concerning AI technology again, concerning the healthcare industry, and cures for certain diseases.
The Lord showed me a hook.
I saw a worm on this hook that was not a whole worm, but just a piece of a worm, but the worm had big eyebrows and big eyes.
It was basically a face on a part of a worm.
And the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, what's about to happen is they're about to hook people.
They're going to desensitize the people to what's coming, but they're going to hook you first to make you think it's your friend.
And I told you a friend is coming concerning AI.
' And I saw a cure for cancer, specifically breast cancer.
I saw women who had this terrible disease weeping—and I'm talking about women in general who were overcoming breast cancer—weeping because the cure for breast cancer had come out.
I saw people who had undergone chemo, and their hair was gone, people who were really sick.
I saw a cure.
It was not only for breast cancer, but something happened, and I saw this happen.
Then I saw other cures for cancer coming.
But the Lord spoke to me and said, 'There's a cure even for Alzheimer's.
' And I saw the number 75 at the beginning stages—not for a cure, but if you had Alzheimer's and they caught it early, you would take this thing, and it would prolong your life.
It would delay the decay; it would delay the process of Alzheimer's over the course of time, and you would basically live out your life if you took this medicine.
You would live to be 75, 80, or 90 years old, and the natural deterioration of life would set in, and you would just go home.
It was delaying the onset of Alzheimer's, the brain disorder that deteriorates you to the point where you forget things.
It made it so you just went home from natural causes.
This is what I was seeing with Alzheimer's and dementia.
It was something with AI that is coming.
Then the Lord showed me stuff with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
The Lord showed me that they were going to come up with AI technology that would cure type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
This was a bait-and-hook to get people desensitized to accept the beast system of what they'll do in the days ahead with AI and all that is going to come about.
This is how they will make you think, 'Oh my goodness, it's saving lives!
It's so friendly!
' Everybody is going to embrace it in the days ahead.
Everybody's going to say, 'This is our friend.
' Does that make sense?
And the Lord told me, 'Warn my people what's coming.
' Then the Lord showed me this, and this was very disturbing.
He showed me surrogate mothers—mothers who did not want to carry a baby but would pay somebody else to do it.
That would become something that people do in labs.
I saw lab-tube babies that would be created with AI technology.
You take the egg and the sperm, and you make a baby in a lab tube.
They would grow it in an incubator.
It was like a real womb.
It was a surrogate that did not have to be human.
It was a tube in a lab.
And instead of having a surrogate woman, it was a surrogate tube.
They grew the baby to what you specifically wanted: hair color, eye color—like a Build-A-Bear at the mall, it was 'build a baby.
' They could have the gender they wanted, the hair color, the structure of the body, everything was by design.
If it wasn't right, they aborted it because it wasn't what they had ordered, like you placed an AI order.
This is what they wanted at the lab.
They created it with genetic modification—GMO modification of human life in a tube.
In certain countries, they made it legal, and you did not have to have a surrogate woman carry your baby anymore because the celebrities and wealthy people were into their looks.
They didn't want to pay for a human surrogate because you'd have to worry about what they're eating, what they're drinking, or who they are.
They said, 'Well, we'll just let the lab do it.
' They paid mega money for what they specifically wanted—a build-a-child, not a Build-A-Bear.
It was very disturbing.
I saw the child be born.
It was ready to hatch out of this womb thing with bubbles bubbling all around it, keeping the baby alive.
It was AI technology beyond anything you can comprehend, taking the egg from the woman and the sperm from the man and creating a child with your DNA.
But there was no—and this is what I thought was interesting—I saw the baby, and there was no real connection that you normally see when a mother carries a child.
There is a connection and a bond created that is only done by God.
When this is not there, it was almost like looking at a child with autism where they're just not there.
You can see the lights are on, but no one's home.
I don't mean that disrespectfully, but I'm trying to describe what these children looked like in their eyes.
There was just this disconnect.
But I saw this thing coming.
I don't know how this would happen.
It seems so far out there, but the Lord told me to warn you that this is coming: lab-grown children, lab-grown life.
Then I saw genetically modified food, like you would not believe, coming with our fruits and vegetables.
I'm talking genetically modified, altered food.
I saw fruits and vegetables that looked like vegetables but didn't really have nutrition because they were being messed with.
The Lord showed me certain foods that would be tampered with in the days ahead.
Then He said, 'Watch Starbucks.
' I thought, 'What's going on with Starbucks?
' The Lord showed me that in the days ahead, there is going to be something happen with the coffee beans.
Because of fires and other things, there will be a coffee shortage, and I saw Starbucks stores closing in certain places because they didn't have enough coffee.
I don't know why, and I don't know when.
I was just driving by, and the Lord showed me that there would be things happening with Starbucks in the days ahead concerning coffee beans.
Something with the coffee beans, and it will be on the news.
There will be something wrong with it all because there are so many people drinking so much coffee all around the world, with Folgers or whatever.
I'm just saying there's some kind of coffee bean shortage coming.
And I thought that was interesting because I don't drink coffee, but I drink tea and things.
But I saw this, and the Lord is showing me in the days ahead.
I saw a coffee bean shortage, and it would be in the news.
Now, what does that mean?
I don't know.
But does that affect you or me?
People like coffee.
I just think it's interesting because He gives me glimpses of things.
And the other thing that was coming was the economy.
I saw the dollar in the days ahead, a vision about the dollar and the days ahead, trying to be avoided by major nations, that it would become dirty to them.
That's the only way I can describe it: people wouldn't want to touch it.
People wouldn't want to touch the dollar.
In the days ahead, Trump could push, and I saw him in a canoe.
He was paddling in this canoe with everything he had, and it represented the American economy.
But he was on the Niagara Falls, the major river that goes through there.
He was on it, and I could see Niagara Falls crashing, and it was massive.
He was right at the edge of this major waterfall.
He was paddling with all his might, trying to dig and pull, but he was sweating, and the canoe was getting ready to go over the water's edge, but he was delaying the inevitable.
He is delaying the inevitable.
What will happen is going to happen.
He is right now delaying the inevitable as he's paddling with all his might.
I saw these pillars rise up, and they looked like black onyx boxes, and they were all perfect boxes, like cubes that were stacked upon each other.
There was a pillar here, a pillar here, a pillar here, and they all went by, but they were black onyx.
At the top of the black onyx box was a diamond that looked like a light, a beacon of light shining out, and it looked like it was something significant.
The one box in the middle was something in the economy.
This pillar, there was a pillar here, there was a pillar here, and there were certain pillars.
I saw certain investment groups.
I saw a prince in Saudi Arabia, Michael Saylor, BlackRock, certain investment groups would be the first trillionaires in the global economy.
Trillionaires.
I saw trillionaires starting to appear sporadically.
I saw three individual men specifically, three new trillionaires.
It has never happened before like this.
Not like Apple—this was something more.
You understand?
Like I said, I'm only telling you what I understand of what I see.
I'm not a very educated man when it comes to this, but I'm trying to tell you what I see.
What happens?
I saw the virus again.
And when I saw the virus, I saw people fleeing major metropolitan areas, major cities, and major places where the houses are on top of each other, where you don't have any space, where you live right next door and somebody can hear you go to the bathroom.
I'm talking about that kind of stuff.
People are going to be freaked out about this virus.
And the Lord said to me, 'People don't realize how we in this modern day, in these generations, have never seen this kind of plague that's coming.
' He said, 'It's coming.
' And many people don't know how to handle what is about to happen.
And I saw people fleeing the cities again, going to rural areas, but it wasn't too rural, like way out in the country, fifty miles out in the country.
These people are trying to go to the outskirts of the city, within a five to ten-minute drive, twenty at the most, to go into these areas and buy five or ten acres of land.
They didn't want people around them, so they could have a garden or a place of refuge from this virus, because that's how freaked out they were.
So I saw stability in real estate concerning rural land, stability as a place of refuge for money.
Now I can't go into this in depth because I'm not a financial adviser.
All of this is my opinion.
But I'm telling you what I believe the Spirit of the Lord is telling me, and I want you to pray about it and see what He's telling you.
I saw these things concerning what I believe He showed me: rural land, certain precious metals.
What I saw in the spirit were like safe havens from things that were going up and very volatile.
In this vision, people were trying to find places of refuge so that they would not lose their whole nest egg—trying to find things that were stable so they would not lose their nest egg because things were so volatile when the virus comes.
Things were falling apart.
Does that make sense?
So they were going into the country.
They were trying to get away from major cities because they were scared about a neighbor who had it spreading it through their air vents or having their window open, because they were that freaked out.
When people got it, they went home.
Does that make sense?
So they were like, 'We've got to get away, we've got to go out of the country,' and they were doing it as fast as they could, and that's how serious it was.
So I was seeing this.
Then I saw the NBA.
I saw Major League Baseball.
I want you to really pay attention to this right now.
I saw major league sporting teams that went bankrupt because of the price of the athletes they had hired.
With all these contracts, major sporting groups went bankrupt in the days ahead.
I saw that people would not be able to afford tickets or would be afraid to go to these games, and they didn't support these major athletes.
Watching NBA superstars and baseball, these were the two major ones that stood out to me.
And I saw the Jets, I saw the Eagles, I saw the Sixers, I saw major baseball teams bankrupt—major bankruptcies because they couldn't afford to pay the players.
Too much money.
And I saw huge arenas completely empty.
And the Lord said to me, 'No longer will they call them sporting events.
They will call them glory events.
' And the Christian community, the remnant, will rent these facilities—the Dallas Cowboys' stadium, Arlington Stadium, whatever.
I'm talking major sporting arenas rented out for a glorious outpouring.
And I saw the glory of God, when there will be no sports, with major revivals being held in these arenas that are no longer being used for sports.
They will be used for the glory.
And He called them glory domes.
There will not be sports domes; there will be glory domes.
And I got so excited when I saw the people worshiping freely, with the glory of God filling these major stadiums, all for the glory of God.
It was amazing.
It became no sports; it became glory.
And the presence of the Lord filled these auditoriums and major stadiums.
The Lord said, 'I call these glory domes.
' So then I saw a 7.
7 earthquake in the heart of India.
That's what the Lord said.
He said, 'The heart of India, a major 7.
7, for this will be the beginning of a great shaking over this area, which will bring forth a great revival.
' And I saw a great revival being birthed out of this great 7.
7 earthquake in India—the heart of India.
Now, this was the middle of India, the heart of India.
And it went and it spread all through Vietnam.
It spread through all of China.
It started to spread, a 7.
7.
This was a number, and I saw the number.
Then I saw again a great shaking coming to Canada, British Columbia, and their economy.
A major shaking of the economy is coming.
And I saw people trying to leave Canada to come to America by the droves, trying to figure out how they could leave Canada because it was like a Great Depression.
I saw a major war breaking out again with Putin.
I saw a great war trying to kick off with Putin as we do not handle the bear with care, as they try to stiff-arm.
This thing will try with Macron and these other major leaders trying to kick off a major world war, a major escalation of a world war, trying to really be like a powder keg.
It's like a powder keg.
They're playing with fire.
And as this takes off, it will be catastrophic for what I've seen because of the sanctions and things happening.
And that's why I'm trying to warn you all.
I keep praying over this.
This is something that's very serious—continued prayer and warnings, very serious.
It's rice-paper thin.
A thin red line has been set.
And as we see these nations try to strong-arm Putin, you're going to see a strike soon.
A major escalation of war will come soon if this keeps going this way.
I saw strategic plans to disarm and split Israel, and concerning Gaza coming against Israel with certain nations.
And as they did this, the sheep and the goat nations would be a very dividing line.
You'll know who they are.
And the ones that stand with Israel, you'll see a blessing.
And the ones that do not stand with Israel, I saw great earthquakes, and not just earthquakes.
I saw events that would be concerning weather, concerning their economy, concerning things that would be of biblical proportion if they do not stand.
And this is concerning especially Canada and India and places in Europe, and this was concerning war over Europe.
And I'm telling you, this is very serious.
A major line will be set of who is for Israel and who is not, who's the sheep and the goat nations.
And it will be very evident in the days ahead with consequences.
So we pray for America to stand.
You need to pray for Australia to stand with Israel.
Do not do this.
I'm telling you, for what I've seen of trying to split the land for a two-state solution and all these other things, okay?
He brought up the scripture of Isaiah that there will be gross darkness.
There'll be gross darkness, but arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
But he said there'll be gross darkness upon the land beyond anything you can comprehend.
Folks, we've not seen this before, what's coming.
The birthing pains and things we're about to see.
We're going to see things we didn't think we would see.
But I saw in the shaking to awaken in India, in the heart of India, he said specifically that his Son would be exalted as we see this major shaking, and the temples and the false gods would be brought to naught.
And he said, 'My Son will be...
' I saw a major revival coming with holiness and fire over India.
So I bring this to you for you to pray about.
But it was just things that I keep getting glimpses of.
There's a lot more detail to this with what was said.
For the sake of time, I feel that's pretty healthy, I mean, for what I've given you, but there were things about the economy that were very disturbing that I saw.
Like I said, I'm not here to give financial advice.
I never do.
But I'm going to tell you, the inevitable is being delayed.
And what I saw coming was a window of opportunity for the wealth of the sinner.
What we have right now is a window of opportunity, if you're listening, to do the things to get your house in order for what's about to come.
He was trying with all his might to keep from going over that water's edge.
But eventually, I even saw interest rates.
I saw things happening with Jerome Powell.
Things are deliberately happening the way they're happening.
Numbers, things are happening to try even harder to derail the Trump administration's plan to make America great again.
Does that make sense?
Things are happening because he is working for darkness.
And people go, 'Well, I don't believe that.
' I'm telling you, I've seen him talking to dark figures in the background, Jerome Powell, concerning things with the economy.
So, with Trump trying his hardest to paddle upstream with that canoe—it wasn't a boat, it wasn't a motorboat, it was a canoe—and he was not getting any traction, and that thing was sucking him through that current, and it was moving rapids, like water rapids.
And he was pulling and pushing as hard as he could to stop this.
But he said he's just delaying the inevitable.
That's what the Spirit of the Lord said for what's about to take place.
And most people, they don't want to hear this.
And I know I'm not always the bearer of good news, but the good news about this all is that Jesus Christ is coming.
And we are getting so close to the soon return of our King.
But we have a window of opportunity to bring in the lost for Jesus Christ and all these things, and all these signs that the Lord is warning us that is gross darkness.
When you start growing babies in tubes and without their mothers—and I don't know how they would even do that, but it was like a lab-grown baby with embryonic fluid and stuff like that.
I think, 'This is weird.
' It looked like sci-fi movie stuff.
I'm excited for the people with the cures for cancer and diabetes and Alzheimer's and things like that.
That's amazing.
But know that it's a bait and hook.
It's to get you desensitized to accept and embrace the beast system that's coming.
But they have to bring it out in a way that everybody wants to take it.
But it's just a little worm on a little hook.
And they're going to get you, and they're going to go, 'Told you, it's your friend.
Don't you want this?
This is going to be your buddy.
' Everything that we're going to present to you is going to look like a packaged pig.
And it'll look like something really good.
Like I try to tell you all, the pig is walking around the pork spending bill and Donald Trump walking that pork thing around telling you it's good, everything's great.
But I'm telling you, as interest rates—he tries to lower taxes, and he says, 'Oh, taxes are going to go down,' and he's holding a sign and taxes are going down, and everything looks good for that time.
'Oh yeah, great.
Good job.
' It's just a season.
You understand?
The waterfall is coming.
Things are coming.
You may have a delay for a season, but that's why the Lord said, 'I'm giving you a window.
What will you do with it?
' This will be a short-lived window.
And most people say, 'Oh, JD Vance is coming next time,' or Ron DeSantis, or someone, and it's going to keep getting better and better and better.
Folks, the only thing that's going to get better is Jesus Christ is coming back for us.
The beast system and the end times, the tribulation, is at our doorstep.
Jesus Christ is coming, not a making America great again.
We're having a window of making America float.
That's a good word.
It should have sunk, and the battleship is barely floating.
But as we see these days approaching and what's coming next, it's not to be afraid.
The Lord said, 'Do not fear.
' That was one of the major things he said.
'Do not fear.
Know what's coming, but be prepared for my Son's return.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, folks.
' Jesus Christ is coming.
It's not a time to be all upset.
It's a time to be looking up and have your eyes focused on him, for our redemption draws nigh.
Is that exciting?
That part's exciting.
Now, all this other stuff, like I said, you know, all the stuff I told y'all last time, you know, I got convicted because I went over that so much.
I was being real with y'all, but sometimes I think I get too real.
I try to be transparent to y'all and tell you what we're dealing with, that we're a work in progress, but sometimes I might come across as too real.
You know, I told D, I said, 'Yeah, I don't know if I should have said all that, but it's real and it's what we're going through.
And it's something that is dear to my heart, talking about giving things and doing things the Lord is telling me to do that my flesh doesn't always want to do.
' You know, it's the human side of me.
It's the human side of my marriage, what we go through as a married couple, and how we are going from glory to glory to glory.
And not everything is always sugarcanes and gumdrops, you know, with just life and what you're pushing through.
But I want you to know that as we overcome, you can overcome.
As we see all these things and all this stuff going on, I'm not saying the sky is falling, Chicken Little, but I'm telling you all, we're overcoming too, and we're getting through it.
These are the things the Lord's working on my heart about.
And obviously, it's about approval addiction because he said take the comment sections off your phone, and about money stuff.
You know, it's interesting when God is cultivating something bigger inside of you.
He sees this is something that—it's like I told Diana, I said, 'It's like you walk up to a room, you think your house is clean, everything is great, and boy, I got it all together.
' And the Lord says, 'What?
What about that room over there?
' And you're like, 'What room?
Are you kidding me?
Everything—do you see the house?
It looks good.
It's been dusted.
It's clean.
The floors smell like they've been mopped.
It's a bleach smell.
It smells good in here.
' And he goes, 'No, no, no, no.
What about that room over there?
' And I'm like, 'I don't know about that room.
' And he walks up there, grabs ahold of the doorknob, and there's slime on it.
And he opens the door and you go, 'Oh no, I didn't realize that was there.
' He's got to work on that now, you know?
And that's the way it is in the spirit realm.
I feel like whenever we feel we've got something all figured out and you got all your stuff in order and you think you're doing great, then the Lord says, 'But that door right there, we need to work on that, son.
' And I said, 'Yeah, you're right.
You're right.
I've got some stuff over there in that closet, too.
I didn't realize.
' But as we clean it up and we go from glory to glory, he's fixing that up.
We're never going to get off the potter's wheel.
We're always going from glory to glory to glory because he's changing us.
Because I asked him, I said, 'Lord, when will we stop?
' He goes, 'When you're dead.
' When do you stop—when does the potter's wheel ever stop?
'When you're dead.
' Nobody gets off the potter's wheel until you're going home, until you've gone home.
Everybody is going to be refined.
The apostle Paul, like he was talking about, he said, 'I die daily,' but you die in so many different areas of your life and you don't even realize it.
You know, it's not just one set thing.
You're being molded just like him.
'I decrease, that he increase.
' And that's the part of being a believing believer, is that we're never perfect.
We're a work in progress.
And that's why yesterday, I wanted you to hear it so bad, because some people try to put you on a pedestal and I try to say, 'I knocked myself off of it on purpose.
' Diana, ain't no pedestal in my house.
The only one that's on a pedestal to me is Jesus Christ, and I'm striving to be like him.
But people say, 'Oh, Brandon, you're this and you're that.
' Oh, hogwash.
Brandon ain't nothing.
Brandon's a work in progress.
And I try to show you the human side of things, that it isn't nothing big.
I got issues.
We all got issues.
And we're all a work in progress.
But if I can do it, you can do it, and we can do it together.
By coming before him boldly and saying, 'Father, here am I.
Fix me.
I need you.
And only through you can I get this done.
' Braden, Paisley, all my kids are all a work in progress.
So, we're so thankful that you would even want to come and watch us each day as I come on here and tell you what I feel like the Spirit of the Lord is warning me about and telling me about with certain things.
It's very—I'm humbled by it, but at the same time, I take a great responsibility in listening and praying and making sure it's accurate and praying over it and saying, 'God, I thank you, Lord, that you've given me this platform, but I take it so seriously.
' So, thank you that you trust me enough to come and pray with me, that you're a part of our family, that you come to our little church group, this little prayer group that we do.
And we're so grateful for every single one of you, that you would come here and pray with us and pray over the nations, the African family that I saw and all the things.
There are very serious times we're praying over.
And I just want to tell you all I'm grateful for every single one of you.
The people who gave the super thanks, all those super thanks in the live video that we did, Braden, that was over the top of kindness.
It was a lot, and I said, 'These people are just—' I was like, 'Wow, look how great they are.
Look what the Lord did.
' I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart, from Diana and I both, thank you for your sacrificial gift of love, for all the super thanks, thank you just out of the kindness of your heart.
It was like, 'Wow, I don't know what to even say about it for the love gift.
' You all are just so nice to us and I just want to say thank you.
We don't take for granted any of it.
But there's no other way to try to—if you send us something in the mail, I always try to write you a handwritten letter to tell you thank you, to give you some kind of something to say thank you for being nice to us.
I mean, there's people that do, but I can't say it on a super thanks to write you something because I don't know your address.
I know nothing about you, but I just want—I don't take things like that for granted.
You're helping me, and in doing so, saying, 'Hey, I want to help you buy a Bible or whatever.
' I'm just so humbled by it.
I'm not a person that likes to take handouts or whatever.
Like I said, I never ask for nothing, but when somebody's kind to you, you want to take the time to say thank you.
It's such a blessing.
Five bucks, that adds up, man.
Like yesterday, I thought, 'My goodness, look what the Lord did with just $5 here, $10 here.
Look what he did on those super thanks.
' And I just want to say thank you.
It truly means a lot to us, all the people just showing love, and I don't want to harp on it, but it's heartfelt.
You know, Diana and I, we're just speechless sometimes.
We just go, 'Wow, wow.
' God bless you all.
I pray over your harvest.
I pray over your seeds, that everything you sow prospers, that everything you put your hands to prospers.
Father, I bless them in the name of Jesus, and I thank you, Father, for all our friends.
I thank you for this family, Father, that people out of the kindness of their heart try to help.
And God, I just lift them up before you.
And I thank you, Father, that today is a good day for them.
That, Father, you open doors that no man can shut, and you shut doors that no man can open.
And Father, I thank you that where they're not supposed to be, you harden people's hearts so they don't walk through the doors that they're not supposed to.
Father, the doors of favor and the doors of opportunity, we send the angels out right now in the name of Jesus, that they would go before them and prepare the way in every single area of their life.
That no matter what they are supposed to do, God, that it will be a green light, and green means go, and they'll go through the doors of opportunity, and great blessing will follow them in Jesus' name, and every area of their life will prosper.
I thank you, Father, that it's no longer just 30, 60, but we're believing always for the hundredfold, Lord, for our time is short on this earth and we need the hundredfold return.
I thank you, Father, that you bless their marriages today.
I thank you, Father, that their children, the wayward husbands and wives, and the children are coming home.
I thank you, Lord, for the supernatural harvest of souls that's coming to the kingdom of God in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that everything their marriage does, everything about their marriage, everything about their household is blessed in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, there's no strife in their homes, Father, that their marriages are strong and they last forever.
That they'll not be marriages that have divorce or separation, but Father, there's unity and there's a flow of the spirit of God in the household in Jesus' name.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise, Father, for peace that passes all understanding.
And all the seeds they sowed in the past, they'll reap a harvest at last.
And I call that harvest in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in their bodies.
And I thank you, Lord, that by the stripes of Jesus, they are healed and whole from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
They don't have sickness.
They don't have disease.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that even from the smallest thing to the largest thing, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you paid the price for it all to walk in spiritual victory in Jesus' name.
And we're going from glory to glory to glory in these last days.
And I thank you, Lord.
We're not afraid of the terror by night nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
Father, we walk in spiritual victory in Jesus' name.
And as we see the day approaching, Father, we lift up our heads, for we know that our redemption draws nigh.
And Father, we're always hearing you.
We know where we're supposed to be at all times.
We're in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you've called us to do.
And we're filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these last days.
Father, we'll hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
I plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of us right now in Jesus' name.
And I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father, that our minds are alert, our hearts are receptive, and we'll never be the same in Jesus' name.
And everybody say amen and amen.
Well, I just want to say thank you for joining me today.
I know I didn't pray a long time, but I gave you a three-hour video last time and there's a lot of you got to watch over all that.
So, I gave you a little shorter video today for you, but either way, we're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you for subscribing.
If you could, subscribe to my channel.
I come on here to warn you about what the spirit of the Lord's telling me, and I appreciate you coming on and watching with us.
Subscribe, click the notification bell, click the thumbs up button, comment something nice down below.
And that's all.
I'm so thankful.
God bless you all.
We'll see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.